what is love ??
Wikipedia says that love is a mixture of feelings and actions of different like personal attachment or enjoying something like food for example, or feeling attracted toward something or a particular person.
till now I totally agree with that.
what isn't reasonable that they say that love facilitate personal relationships between individuals.
That part I don't agree with .. Love most of the time is th cause of  the complexity of the relationship  ..
I wondered is there any need to love someone till you actually happily do any thing that make him happy, even if you don't want that thing
or that is only happens because you want to make yourself happy by that .. all of that is a naive questions from someone how didn't experience any serious relationship ..
it was too one Of my biggest fears that the lack of experience will make me fall for the first one I see .. Which was true .. Pressed from all those people around
me I decided to seek love and began a frantic attempts from all my relatives to find me my second half with 
either of them desiring to rejoice for me or about me I don't know .. In Arosa cafe was the meeting not to 
mention the fascination which was obvious in her eyes and how she can't take her eyes off me it was something
normal and expected and .. and enough with the laying ... the meet was normal and she almost didn't look at me
,supposedly I have to ask that we have a private talk with each other tring to know each other better at that  
moment I couldn't say a word in the end I encouraged myself and put my trust in Allah, I took a deep breath an 
I ... I told my cousin who was setting all this up to ask them for that .. we moved to anther table and we
started talking .. at first she was scared and almost setting at the hands of her chair .. I was aiming for
two things the first one was to calm and peacify her and the second was to ake sure that she sees it all .. to 
see the whole of me as possible.. at the begining I was attracted to her spontaneity then it was ..
I don't  Want to burn the whole story in this part where I need to say that i can do any thing I can learn any thing for you I can learn how to code and make this modist app just to say i can do any thing for you baby ..
this app is made to document this part of my life and to say thank you ..thank you for each one was the reason why I am living the happiest days of my life .. and the most important thing of all is to say ... I love you.